add content to python-net (#178)
aspose-pdf/Aspose.PDF-Documentation: python-net/_index.md

url: /python-net/
is_root: true
lastmod: "2022-10-24"

> description: Learn to use Aspose.PDF Puyhon via .NET to create applications for PDF documents processing on any platform using Python. Browse tutorials, sample code, and more.    

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Learn to use Aspose.PDF Python via .NET to create applications for PDF document processing on any platform using Python. Browse tutorials, sample codes, and more.    
```
